the big problem is
centralization,
they suck too much in general, you know, despite
all this, I wouldn’t want Russia to
fall apart. Why yes, well, we just
need reforms to become better and
that’s all. Hello, Good evening, I’m from the
city of Khmelnitsk. Where are you
from? I’m from UFM
Bashkort Yes, you communicate with the World Cup,
you know Honestly  telling me I came here
just to talk about a very
specific topic, but apparently we already
know what we will talk about, I don’t know
what your
political topic is, to be honest  it's boiling
a little bit Let's talk let it out let
out well The thing is
that from time to time such a
moment in life happens when
then suddenly you read some news
and realize
that something is going wrong and not in the sense of
life but in the sense of the
general Well Well, how can I
tell you Well  for example, you look at this
there, probably as you know with us. Recently there
were protests in Bashkortostan Yes, Baymak
lil sons
I know, so they detained a lot of people
who were forced to flee I’ll tell you what  on the
stream now I’ll warn you ok
ok ok then I won’t
express myself as an okura But the worst thing surprised me was
something else I heard about the news that
some
guy was being taken from the village to Ufa and he
didn’t make it alive I know not an
older guy like a
man yes Pri  he wasn’t even at the
rally, he just stood next to him to
meet his girlfriend in Ufa and
went home and then they came to his village
and
took him away like this I know this story Yes they
say that he  there, it seems, they already
said that it seemed like he was drunk, that there were
like, well, fables Like the police started doing it
retroactively,
yes, I know. By the way, I’m very surprised How aware are you of many of the events that are happening here? Well, look, first of all, I
know a lot about Bashkortostan even before the events
in  Baimak and since the Kushtau period I have been following
these and the Bashkort organization and
Ruslan Gaba Som. For example, on
channel e there was an hour-long video of communication with
Ruslan Gabbasov on  the topic of the future of
Bashkortostan is all sorts of things and
auto Yasnenko
Well, to
be honest, it even becomes scary
when something like this happens, that is, I
can just beat you to death and
for absolutely nothing,
not to mention a bunch of other problems We
went through this too We also had a Stage
development of the country when there was
such chaos and people still won
overcoming How to choose your rights there
is no
unfortunately what else I want to say in
fact, many of my friends will voice their position
and they will not speak publicly  they want
all this to happen everyone wants everyone When it
usually comes up about
the so-called special operation, they all
say that oh how many people have died
when will this all end, these are just
thoughts that were recently studied Why
their children are being allowed to participate ahead of
state employees I saw this too  as if they were
there at Moscow State University And so they continued to let them in And then
they showed the results Well, if you
take a person, say, to a good university without
certain knowledge, then Naturally he
flies out after the first year, there are tacos, I
also looked There are a lot of problems with  it
comes out with these benefits And
about
Bashkortostan, let’s say here. For example, I’ve
been following the Bashkor Tami and their national movement for a long time. Well, in
Ukraine, they started to know about Bashkartastan
mainly among the masses. Yes, this was precisely after
the protests in Baymak because
you knew before that  Well, I always say this, when
we Ukraine was in the USSR we were for the whole world
it was Russia Russia it was Shns, why are we here
Russians now yes we have We  Ukrainians
Moldova There and so Further Yes And other
peoples who remain in Russia now
Yes there are Bashkort Tatars And so on they
don’t exist for the world Everyone thinks that
this is the territory where the Russians live
Yes
and here in Ukraine even very many people
didn’t know  that there is a Bashkort there is
a Bashkartastan and just recently the protests in
Baymak they burst into the information
area and Well, put a plus sign who
uh Only recently when we were in
Bashkortostan protests Yes, I found out that there is
such a Bashkartastan, there is such a Bashkort and
Well, put a plus sign in the chat who just
recently In
winter, when there were protests in
Bashkortostan, I found out that there is such a
Bashkartastan in Russia, that there is such a
nation Bashkort And minus who knew before,
it’s interesting that there is  pluses, yes, that
is, informationally, what can we say about the world
if we are even, for example, Ukraine and the former
Soviet Union? So we don’t know what’s there
there  Bashkort some kind of Sakha and so
on in a bunch of pluses there are a lot of pluses
there are also minuses that people knew before and
so that’s why I’m talking here for
information The fact is that for Russia
the protests in Baymak It was just such an
explosion, just a social explosion because
before  let’s say this didn’t happen and
people there came quite seriously it’s
Zhenya came Baymak like
uh South if I’m not mistaken a point somewhere in the
Bashkan Yes, people came from Ufa
from  they came to visit other cities a
large
number of kilometers away
and in the winter. It was very
inspiring to see the events of Kushtau when the Bashkor
really defended their shrine. I
understand that Kushta is one of the mountains
that was revered by the Bashkortos. They
wanted it in Nadu soya production,
I watched the video then with a lot of people
defended it was really cool
cool it was yes So Well, I’ll say this, the
path to national freedom is not
easy either if you look uh here we are
Ukraine
uh, not many people say that nothing
Russia will fall apart And so on I
say, look In the ninety-first year, the
Soviet Union collapsed, my father
and mother were in the organization People's Movement of
Ukraine for Perestroika was called that by the hands of
Zabudov, they also spoke with the
yellow-blue Communist Party And  so on and even
then In ninety and even in ninety-
one, for someone to be told that
in six months a year
the USSR would collapse, no one would believe it, no one would
I believed it, you know, it was like such a
distant dream, and then all at
once everything fell apart, so you
need to develop your
national language, culture, national
holidays, and so on. I saw you have
this organization Bashkort Yes, which
was it, it organized national
these all sorts of games  There were national traditions,
whole children’s camps. It was cool. Well,
now they want everything. By the way, I saw the
same thing in Ufa, I
think the Russians made a procession there. Russia is
for Russians, like I think last year
it was like that.  I haven’t heard this I haven’t heard this
in Ufa or not in
Ufa Well, it seems that mostly this in the
west is happening there in Moscow in St.
Petersburg That’s exactly it, just like that,
look at it for April 14th of the
third year Write to
YouTubers that’s where these Russian zigs were going
they threw Ali Russia for the Russians yes
Oh yes there is such a
thing, that’s the point: it’s not Moscow, not St. Petersburg,
but the West And in Ufa, damn it, it doesn’t
make sense at all, it’s  Bashkartastan is
actually a multinational region here,
Russian Tatars Bashkirs, what’s the point?
Look, the imperial essence is such
that it is necessary to suppress the national will of
all peoples, and how the Empire was built, they
capture one nation and throw it to
conquer a new nation, just like when the
Ukrainians were captured, for example, we were here
As part of the Soviet Union, we
were thrown as part of the troops into Afghanistan,
Czechoslovakia, Hungary. Yes,
for example, we had people from the city of Khmelnitsk. Yes, there
were  in the tank forces who also
rushed to Czechoslovakia in 8M Yes, for
some reason 5 in my opinion, yes to this nan
often for us I remember Afghanistan also
That’s how we got rid of this here and now
yes Erma And many peoples of the
Russian Federation no And what’s the most  It’s
interesting that we looked at
the statistics: Moscow is sending
a lot of people to slaughter in Ukraine from the
national
republics of Dagestan, Bashkartastan, Buryatia,
and Tyva, yes, that
is, because it  the poorest region of
Russia there are, in principle, very few other,
so to
speak, opportunities to earn money Yes Well,
why is it poor because the Empire
sucks out all the juices and the
only social elevator you have left is
either to sign a contract for the army or
to go, for example, conditionally, yes, thank
God  in Bashkiria it’s not that
bad yet, but still, if you look at
Moscow there with St. Petersburg and so on,
yes, although Bashkartastan you know what’s most
interesting is Russia. How are you, it’s
like a subsidized region, you have oil,
like  a lot of deposits Yes everything But you are a
subsidized region and
Moscow No well
yes yes that too We have a pretty big
problem centralization they suck too much in
general you know I despite
all this I wouldn’t want Russia to
fall apart Why Yes we just
need reforms to become better and  everything
The point is that decentralization is what it is to
put pressure on,
I’ll explain it to you. Look, for example, this
Ruslan Ga Basov is your Bashkor figure.
He is now in Lithuania, he is very
correct. Shows that  uh, Russia has
always deceived Yes, when with the Bashkor Tami
in some years they also made an agreement,
then everything was taken away from them, the land was taken away, and so
on, when after the collapse of the Russian
Empire, Bashkartastan there, you had
for the Kiva Lidi, he also
organized an Independent Bashkartastan for the Kiva Lidi,
Lenin there  they did everything that let's join the
RSFSR And so on on the rights of Like you
will have autonomy there is complete everything As
soon as they then arrested all  the
intelligentsia were exterminated by the intelligentsia Yes, they
captured it and everything is the same here In
1992, after the collapse of the Soviet
Union, Tatarstan also declared
independence Chechnya declared
independence Yes, Bashkartastan I don’t know
Or whether it declared it or not But in short, a bunch of them
didn’t receive Yes, a bunch of regions received at
least some kind of real autonomy  then
Yes, and then by pressing Ali the nuts were
pressed, this was the first head of
Bashkortostan, wait  what's his name Rakhimov Yes, by
the way, he is very praised in Bashkortostan,
here he was, it turns out this is still the
period when
Moscow was weak and did not press again, and
now now you can see what you are
doing Yes, now all this is completely
instructions from Moscow and
everything is unfortunately  understood
Okay Let me run if you
can Do you have any other questions, say
or Well, about If it doesn’t bother you
about the general situation in Ukraine now there is
a war Yes, I understand that, yes I know But
tell me, just maybe  a stereotypical
question, but I’ll ask it anyway. Is it true
that the border is now closed in Ukraine and you
can’t leave from there? No, look, the
borders are open Yes, but there are certain
categories of people who cannot leave
because they are obliged to do military service, that’s all. And
conscripts, in short, are people of military
age Well, yes  yes, because that is, it is
logically clear and is it true that there are such
cases when people are simply grabbed on the street and
sent to the front, uh, they grab,
or look, there are such, for example, uh, people
who are liable for military service, they have to
register, yes, that is  Well, if a person, yes,
if for example, they check his Document
and he is not registered, Yes, they are taking him for e-
registration, and if he is
liable for military service, then he can be
sent to the front. Yes, mobile phones and what?
Yes, we are at
war.
Yes, in general, I want a conclusion  to say
in fact, this has been going on for a very long time
and it seems to me that a very large part of
Russians still hope for the end of the world, they
hope that everything will
end soon because, well, a lot of
losses, a lot of resources have already been
spent
and we don’t see why
Here you go  yes Look the same No for
Ukraine no no In our society We
see why Yes we understand that this is our
territory We must return it
otherwise Russia will advance further,
that is, our goal is simple Crimea
Donetsk Lugansk is Ukraine what is
Russia’s goal no one can  say
no one okay just Then I wish this
Peaceful skies above the head Okay to you and
all the viewers
so let’s go further And again Good evening
Are there any other
questions Well, first of all, I watched it.
Now I know what kind of channel Andrey is  Popik Yes
Andrey
hangs out a little I refrain from
speaking because I was afraid that it would
go on the Internet about they might see Pony
look there are two channels there one has
200,000 subscribers And there are also new
40,000 subscribers uh now
because 200,000 are on it now you are recording yes
yes on it  Now there is a Stream But
uh, under this in the description of the stream, in my opinion there
should be a link to a new channel or
I’m on the stream now, look who I am on the
stream Yes, subscribe to the new channel, so
I sent links to the new channel in the chat,
be sure to now the videos are mostly
released on the New channel Stream we are on the
old channel on the main one there is also a new one where there are
40,000 subscribers, in general I was afraid
that  it will be preserved and they can
recognize me and it’s given that it can So yes, I immediately
warned you that we are on the stream
Yes, but I saw that many streams
are unavailable for viewing after they
pass  because there was Dad, look,
look, first of all, somewhere they are
posted in the recordings. For example, we
also have someone who can record our
streams, so I’m doing a Stream, a person
can record
something,
prepare to wash it down.
Yes, but still, I’ll say a couple if you  I do
n’t mind, of course, there are a couple of things
that irritate me. Well, firstly, this is
nationalism on the part of the Russians; of course, I
myself am Russian, but for some reason
this fact really annoys me num
svm
on minto from Central Asia because
they come to negotiate one
tenant for several years, and so
on, well, and other other nuances, but
I am surprised by the fact why this
applies to residents of Siberia, to Yakum, to
Buryats, who, as far as I know,
do not work as guest workers, who do not settle in this way for
several  man
this is not Central
Asia and this is it’s not entirely clear
also recently there was a moment when
Well, recently there was such a channel for a long time, it
seems these are the nicknames Proshin there he was
recording a Stream in St. Petersburg  in which he
explained in English what was
going on in Russia in general,
Imin spoke in English and then he
flew under the butt with the words
in Russian,
well, and this is not some kind of
dressed decent guy, I was
wondering if and if he
spoke Tatar and told them in Russian
Speak Well, you somehow know it. It’s very,
frankly, terrible. Moreover, they
said so much that we are not fascists in any
case, these are all Ukrainians who are men of
peoples and  so
on or the situation at school when, to the
song I am Russian, they forced you to raise your
hands in Tatarstan And not only in
Tatarstan in many Yes yes this Not to mention the
fact that in
Tatarstan there are a lot of nationalities in Tatarstan Chuvash
Maritsa Mar 2 and when they said Why you
you didn’t raise your hands you’re not
Russians
no you know yes what
they answered it’s better to emigrate then
it’s actually possible for anyone to emigrate to the
indigenous peoples who live here
because they didn’t want to raise their
hands under  I’m Russian, which in general I
think is just some kind of I don’t know
Propaganda of some kind of nationalism If it
were there, we’re Russians, I’m a Russian Yes, that’s
understandable,
but here’s another clip, it seems like we’re
called him with a bandage, it’s actually
kind of terrible, it’s just that his
ode is cosplay on  Russian collaborators are a
total bummer with a Russian bandage, it’s
[ __ ] terrible. In general, it’s not surprising that
Shaman came under sanctions and
they did the right thing by sanctioning him because
it’s
a nightmare. Well, in
I think it’s impossible to do this at all in a multinational country.
Well, like, I understand that there are
situations when visitors there behave
somehow incorrectly, even the Kazakh people can
call them, but not
because they are not Russian, but simply
because they behave inappropriately.
it happens But when they call you simply
because your eye shape is different
Just because the name is not Russian Well, in
general, for me it’s a very
pathetic
sight and I’ll say more Look about the language,
we had the same thing with this
during the Soviet Union  this is what these
uh national languages ​​were considered something
so humiliating you know and you know the
Ukrainian ones you know some Selyuks
There and so on So everything in the cities
like everyone was translated into Russian Yes,
just like you, for example, also in the villages
for example  they
speak local languages ​​Yes, the
city is already
[music] I
don’t understand this topic, many say
that Ukrainians do not exist, just like the
language does not exist there is a country there is a nation
there is a name there is in the end I I I I
I will explain
why The fact is that look Ukraine is historical and ethnic Yes, here is the Heir of Kievan Rus, in fact we are on this territory we are yes We are the people who lived here and lived from time immemorial yes it turns out Russia the history of modern Russia is based on the fact that they In general, what do they think Kyiv is their part, they want to derive their history from Kievan Rus, that’s how they did it for themselves, and it turns out when they don’t have Ukraine like that. What relation do they have to Rus'? None and they need it for this kind of historical myth Yes  they need Ukraine they need Ukraine because without them they are nothing Well, partly it would be part of Russia Novgorod, look Novgorod Novgorod The Moscow principality of Novgorod captured, in my opinion, in the 15th century or in what century and you all of Novgorod Novgorod according to the chronicle Yes, you were Muscovites Muscovites captured Novgorod and Novgorod has nothing to do with Novgorod it was the territory of Rus' controlled by Rus' - it was this
Yes, that is, just like Moscow, these are just territories of some outskirts that were under the control of Kyiv because the prince, the princes were in Kyiv, sent like now, for example, the governor Yes, for example, they send the governor From Moscow somewhere, and as someone who is looking, he organizes tributes here so the prince was and the prince sent his governor of some kind to the Appanage reign in some distant places, that’s all Yeah, you know what’s interesting  also, what are the Russians saying,
these Russians,
Russians, Russians, these are starting, besides the fact
that Ukraine didn’t exist, the Ukrainians don’t
exist, they’re starting such a thing, the
Bashkortos never had a
state there, the Tatars didn’t have a state, you
know everything, everyone was running wild there
[music]  it
was a stretcher before that. By
the way,
here’s what’s interesting: Tata has the same
architecture as the Russians; by
the way, they judge everyone by their pictures
[music]
by the way, here’s another question
so tell me about the origin of the Ukrainians, as far as I understand, the Ukrainian people appeared due to the fact that, well, let’s say, the mixing of two Slavic languages ​​simply during the Tatar-Mongol yoke, as far as I know, most of Rus' went to the Principality of Lithuania, which became part of the East Slavic and West Slavic Therefore, in the Ukrainian language it’s like this a lot of words are similar to words from Polish from Belarusian, by the way, too, but I don’t want to say Like they know  look, the Ukrainian Ethnicity was formed on the territory of Rus'. Yes, of these that were here, the Drevlyans are the clearings. And so on. Yes, all these different tribes, the Belarusian Ethnicity, uh, also appeared on the territory of Rus', for example, Polotsk. Yes, that was also, Uh, Krivichi, in my opinion, this Krivichi tribe Yes there was a main city and so on Yes as a result of uh certain political processes Yes we were part of uh this state was called This this uh it was called
the princedom of Lithuanian Russian and Zemaitis and the Principality of Lithuanian Russian and Zemaitis Yes, the Lithuanians entered there, the Russes entered, that is, the territory of Rus', these are modern Ukrainians and zhemayte e If you look in Lithuania what was the official language in which they wrote, I understand it is Slavic Yes, look Yes here this Russian language Yes, which was in Ukraine Yes, it was written documents were published in the Principality of Lithuania Yes Now  this
Russian language chronicles were written in
Russian language yes yes that is uh Ukrainians
these modern Ukrainians are the ancestors of
modern Ukrainians Yes they were part of
this joint Lithuanian state and
then when the
uh Lithuanian prince made a union with Poland
Well they got married there it was dynastic
marriages in order to unite  Yes,
this state became the
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and there it turned out to be another
political center, the Poles turned out, and as a
result it was essentially a common state
Ukrainians Lithuanians Poles Yes,
like a Federation Yes, as a result of
feudal relations Yes, between the magnates
Paul, the Polish gentry, Polish magnates
began to take over more political
power Yes, the political center
left Lithuania for Poland and the land was ruled by the
landowners, landowners Yes, they
began to seize to seize more and
there was a conflict between  Russians, these
Ukrainians of our
mills, he is a representative of the Russian gentry,
of which he was also called  runn runom,
here we are, our population before, there was no
name
Ukrainian, we were called
[music]
Rus with those
Ukra chronicles in the century prono en masse Yes, there are
more types that get there in the 10th century
already get there, that is, the fact is that those
ethnonym Naro  the name of the people it
changes over time the name of the countries also
changes, for example modern Iran is
Persia It flew 100 years ago it
was called Persia now it’s called Iran
but it’s the same thing the same people live Yes
Iran is the same Persians, it didn’t become
some kind of thing, if they started calling it
Iranians, it didn’t become another people, the truth is that the
Persians disappeared, they appeared Yes, if we
take for example the same Czechs Yes, there was
Moravia Bohemia Yes there was a principality Yes these are
the same Czechs  which now Yes,
these are their ancestors, they were just called
if we take Germany Yes In
Previously Yes, there are so many different
lands there, each Land was a separate
state, but the people are the same people,
and the fact that they are in different
historical periods
were called differently, it doesn’t say anything, that’s
all Well, yes, that’s why we can be called Yes,
we can be called differently after 100 years
Yes, from As a consequence of the
political process, we can
adopt some ethnic name there.  then
something else Yes, that’s all. The point is
that people are developing, the state is
developing and there are political
changes in states. Yes,
the system in general is changing, for example,
once upon a time when there were tribes there was one
system and then as a result
system and then as a resultscientific and technological progress increased there, for example, the speed of movement Yes, well, this is all clear and so on, that is, nationally, for example, when during Rus' a person who lived there conditionally on the territory of Lvov Yes, and on the territory of Khmelnitsky and on the territory of Kyiv they very rarely intersected in mainly as a result of some kind of military action, the prince came, the squad adj, he gathered here Tribute went further, ordinary people did not mix, did not travel so much, and a consequence of industrialization And so on Yes, the UCP began and these began
Ethnic groups Yes, nations began to form Yes, and for example, a Man from Lviv, a man from Kyiv, a man from Donetsk, this is one nation, we have formed Yes, into one national body in the future in the future Yes, there will be other processes, perhaps there will be a consolidation of Nations and there will be, as it were, a single world community Yes, people will no longer be divided, we don’t know, just like those tribes that were there in the twentieth century. Yes, they could not think that nations would appear there in 1000 years. Yes, national states would appear.
If we look at the states that were
here you are years ago. They were not based on
nationality. Here is the State -
it was a prince, a prince, or he was a
ruler;
for this sovereign and for the
prince, the people. It was just some
subjects, that’s all he had
today. In short, he
captured another tribe and laid
it under Denmark, you know how it all was  so
they came with the gang Yes they put it on the counter
This market was like the same kind of
relationship Yes between these princes Yes Yeah
he came to the neighboring city of that prince he
killed Yes he laid siege to Denmark this city You are all giving
me money now it’s like gang
warfare came to the markets and shot that
roof  In short, they said everything, you now
pay us, that’s all, well, in
principle,
okay, let’s
run. Yes, my views on historical
processes. Yes, these ancient Kings
princes And so on Yes, they perceived
this as the lads were Yes, they
perceived this is mine, this is mine I,
in short, pass here Yes, I gave in the scoreboard
that in short, even he is there, my brother, brothers are
also each other In short, more than in short,
not brothers Yes, this  traditional
values ​​everything Yeah came In short, this
prince imposed a tribute, this city paid him everything,
another came, gave to that prince In
short, this city pays me, give that’s
all, such relationships were subscribe to
my Telegram right now the axis of wines
Popik is more and more respectful YouTube
keeping us busy through skarg Orcs in your ban and even
more videos are not showing people
at all times information about streams for
this purpose so that Mali has an operational
link to write directly at once and Popik is there
in telegra okrim video also tezh tsikava and
korisna information and we are sorry for you
trimati postiyny operational  link
nezalezhno in that chi show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine write